Improve performance of `@tailwindcss/postcss` and `@tailwindcss/vite` (#15226)
tailwindlabs/tailwindcss: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Fixed

> - Improve performance of `@tailwindcss/postcss` and `@tailwindcss/vite` ([#15226](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/15226))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Don't scan source files for utilities unless `@tailwind utilities` is present in the CSS in `@tailwindcss/postcss` and `@tailwindcss/vite` ([#15226](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/15226))
- Skip reserializing CSS files that don't use Tailwind features in `@tailwindcss/postcss` and `@tailwindcss/vite` ([#15226](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/15226))
```
